Forms: FileUpload - Image preview on subdomain (#12648)
filamentphp/filament: packages/forms/docs/03-fields/09-file-upload.md

    ->previewable(false)
```

> ## Set a different base URL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Set a different base file URL
```

> By default, uploaded files are served from the domain specified in the APP_URL set in your .env file. If your multitenant application uses subdomains, you can set the current subdomain URL using the `getUploadedFileUrlUsing' callback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, uploaded files are served from the domain specified in the `APP_URL` `.env` value. This is because Filament uses the storage `url()` method to generate URLs for files. If your multi-tenant application uses the `public` storage disk as well as different subdomains for different tenants, you can set the current subdomain URL using the `getUploadedFileUrlUsing()` callback, calling Laravel's `url()` helper:
```
